MY AMAZON WEB SERVICE RE/START PROGRAM JOURNEY
My Name is Emmanuel Inalegwu Adikwu the past six(6) weeks have been incredible with the New Vision Institute of Technology, 12 weeks Amazon Web Services (AWS) re/start program. A truly well-organized virtual training program that has been quite educational, and I have learned and practiced a lot. I was allowed to share what I knew from my previous IT experience.
My IT journey started when I graduated from Secondary school in 2016, I enrolled for six (6) months of Diploma course in Computer Appreciation, Desktop Overview, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Graphic Design, and Internet, etc. at Easylinks Cybercafe and Computer Training Centre, Otukpo.
After the six (6) months, I was employed as an Operator in 2017 where (1) I help customers with the use of computers, applications and internet usage (2) Troubleshoot hardware, terminals, software, and connectivity issue (3) Respond to customers who encounter error messages while accessing websites, emailing or downloading content, etc. 
In 2019, I was promoted to Manager because of my natural eagerness to solve problems. duties; (1) Assists customers when they have trouble or questions using computer software (2) Maintains accounting databases by entering data into the computer and processing backups (3) Keep accurate records of logs and inventories of the shop (4) Provide excellent customer care (5) Making sure all the computers are working well,  etc. 
In the same year, I got admission to study Mathematics/Computer Science Education at the University of Agriculture, Makurdi Benue State, Nigeria, in 100 level I was taught Q Basic, 200 level – Operating System I, Pascal Programming and C++, 300 level –  Operating System II and Python Programming.
All these IT experience was just elementary and that knowledge was not driving me and not making sense to me and not giving me that vibe to learn more but at New Vision Institute of Technology (NVIT)  my dream was reopened and my eyes were repositioned to the future I have always dreamt of.  The proficient instructor, often called "teachops", had each student’s interest at heart by ensuring a clear understanding of course materials. 
The AWS re/start program has awakened my hibernated dream to become a DevOps engineer. I have learned abilities in clouding computing, Linux, Networking, Security, and python programming, etc. The hands-on labs, which I enjoyed the most, provided me with a practical approach to handling real-world scenario challenges, and the soft skills section where life-changing.
I do like to thank Senator Abba Morro who paid for my tuition, Rejoice Benjamin who called me when she got information about the program, my dad who believed in my dream, and New Vision Institution of Technology (NVIT) for their support and patience, and finally Amazon Web Service (AWS) for creating this platform.
It is said that a thousand-mile trip begins with a single step. I hope to achieve and reach my dream.
